README.md, before:

# The Pants Problem

 Given an array of integers and a pointer:
 ```
-----|-----
     v
[1 2 3 4 5]
 ```

 There are four available moves:

 1)  Move the pointer two places to the left
 ```
-|---------
 v
[1 2 3 4 5]
 ```

 2)  Move the pointer two places to the right
```
----------|-
          v
 [1 2 3 4 5]
 ```

 3)  Swap the current number to the left
```
---|-------
   v
[1 3 2 4 5]
```

4)  Swap the current number to the right
```
-------|---
       v
[1 2 4 3 5]
```

## Goal
Reverse the array (the pointer position is not relevant):
```
-------|---
       v
[5 4 3 2 1]
```

## Object breakdown

There are several classes that model the problem.  Here are explanations:

#### PantsState
A single state of the pants problem, consisting of:
 * The ordered array
 * The pointer position

The four operations outlined above are represented as methods, each returning
a *new* `PantsState` that is the result of the transition.  If the transition cannot be done, then `None` is returned.

#### PantsPath
An ordered list of `PantsState`s that represent a series of moves when solving the Pants Problem.  The primary function is to generate child `PantsPath`s - each of which is a "next step" i.e. new `PantsPath`s with one additional `PantsState` at the end for each valid move from the most recent `PantsState`.

#### PantsSolver
This is a command class encapsulating the general algorithm for solving the Pants Problem.  It consists of the following steps:

1. Initialize a "working set" of a single `PantsPath` with the initial `PantsState` - this working set is ranked by the "best" `PantsPath`
1. Pick the best `PantsPath` from the working set
1. If that `PantsPath` ends with the goal, return it as the solution
1. If not, generate the child `PantsPath`s from the best, and add them to the working set
1. Goto step 2

#### Heuristics
You may be wondering how to determine which `PantsPath` is the "best" - this is guided by [Heuristics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heuristic_function).  See also:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heuristic_(computer_science)

The concept is pretty straightforward, given a `PantsPath` (and with a reference to the goal state), return an integer that scores how "good" it is (lower == better).  The specific heuristic defines what that means, and there are two heuristics in place as samples:

1. `BreadthFirst`:  Return the number of `PantsState`s in the `PantsPath` - this will favor evaluating the shortest paths first.

1. `Distance`:  This sums the difference between the current state and the goal state.  For example, the distance between `[5 4 3 2 1]` and `[5 3 4 2 1]` is 2:  `abs(5 - 5) + abs(4 - 3) + abs(3 - 4) + abs(2 - 2) + abs(1 - 1)` = `0 + 1 + 1 + 0 + 0` = `2`

## Running
Make sure that Python 3 is installed, then run:
```
> python3 pants.py
```

This will run the problem with the default heuristic and problem size.  Help is available my running:
```
python3 pants.py --help
```

You can specify a custom problem size and/or a different heuristic to use:
```
python3 pants.py --size=7 --heuristic=Distance
```

Write your own heuristics to solve the pants problem!

Commit message:

Adding the test running instructions to the README, and fixing the tests...

README.md, after:

# The Pants Problem

 Given an array of integers and a pointer:
 ```
-----|-----
     v
[1 2 3 4 5]
 ```

 There are four available moves:

 1)  Move the pointer two places to the left
 ```
-|---------
 v
[1 2 3 4 5]
 ```

 2)  Move the pointer two places to the right
```
----------|-
          v
 [1 2 3 4 5]
 ```

 3)  Swap the current number to the left
```
---|-------
   v
[1 3 2 4 5]
```

4)  Swap the current number to the right
```
-------|---
       v
[1 2 4 3 5]
```

## Goal
Reverse the array (the pointer position is not relevant):
```
-------|---
       v
[5 4 3 2 1]
```

## Object breakdown

There are several classes that model the problem.  Here are explanations:

#### PantsState
A single state of the pants problem, consisting of:
 * The ordered array
 * The pointer position

The four operations outlined above are represented as methods, each returning
a *new* `PantsState` that is the result of the transition.  If the transition cannot be done, then `None` is returned.

#### PantsPath
An ordered list of `PantsState`s that represent a series of moves when solving the Pants Problem.  The primary function is to generate child `PantsPath`s - each of which is a "next step" i.e. new `PantsPath`s with one additional `PantsState` at the end for each valid move from the most recent `PantsState`.

#### PantsSolver
This is a command class encapsulating the general algorithm for solving the Pants Problem.  It consists of the following steps:

1. Initialize a "working set" of a single `PantsPath` with the initial `PantsState` - this working set is ranked by the "best" `PantsPath`
1. Pick the best `PantsPath` from the working set
1. If that `PantsPath` ends with the goal, return it as the solution
1. If not, generate the child `PantsPath`s from the best, and add them to the working set
1. Goto step 2

#### Heuristics
You may be wondering how to determine which `PantsPath` is the "best" - this is guided by [Heuristics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heuristic_function).  See also:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heuristic_(computer_science)

The concept is pretty straightforward, given a `PantsPath` (and with a reference to the goal state), return an integer that scores how "good" it is (lower == better).  The specific heuristic defines what that means, and there are two heuristics in place as samples:

1. `BreadthFirst`:  Return the number of `PantsState`s in the `PantsPath` - this will favor evaluating the shortest paths first.

1. `Distance`:  This sums the difference between the current state and the goal state.  For example, the distance between `[5 4 3 2 1]` and `[5 3 4 2 1]` is 2:  `abs(5 - 5) + abs(4 - 3) + abs(3 - 4) + abs(2 - 2) + abs(1 - 1)` = `0 + 1 + 1 + 0 + 0` = `2`

## Running
Make sure that Python 3 is installed, then run:
```
> python3 pants.py
```

This will run the problem with the default heuristic and problem size.  Help is available my running:
```
python3 pants.py --help
```

You can specify a custom problem size and/or a different heuristic to use:
```
python3 pants.py --size=7 --heuristic=Distance
```

You can also run the unit tests:
```
> python3 -m unittest
```

Write your own heuristics to solve the pants problem!
